docs: document only CLI flows (#2319)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/installing-che-on-codeready-containers.adoc

:context: installing-{prod-id-short}-on-codeready-containers

> This chapter describes the creation of a single-node OpenShift cluster for deploying a {prod-short} instance using CodeReady Containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a single-node OpenShift cluster for deploying a {prod-short} instance using CodeReady Containers.
```

.Prerequisites

* The `{prod-cli}` management tool is available. See xref:installing-the-chectl-management-tool.adoc[].

> * An installation of CodeReady Containers. See link:https://console.redhat.com/openshift/create/local[Installing CodeReady Containers].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A running instance of CodeReady Containers. See link:https://console.redhat.com/openshift/create/local[Installing CodeReady Containers].```

> * The path to the user's CodeReady Containers pull secret is known as __<pull-secret-file>__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The filepath of the user's CodeReady Containers pull secret.
```

> * Available memory: 12 GB or more.
> * Available disk size: 64 GB or more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Available memory is 12 GB or more.
* Available disk size is 64 GB or more.
```

.Procedure

> . Remove any previous cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Remove any previous clusters:
```
or 
```suggestion
. Remove the previous cluster:
```

+

> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,terminal] 
----
```
Source blocks should have the language specified when appropriate (e.g. [source,yaml]). Terminal commands/output should have [source,terminal] specified.

Reviewer: Many instances.

$ crc delete
----

. Configure your host machine for CodeReady Containers:
+
----
$ crc setup
----

. Start the CodeReady Containers virtual machine with at least 12 GB of memory and 64 GB of disk space. Also, specify the path to your pull secret and take note of the password for the `kubeadmin` user displayed at the end of the CodeReady Containers initiation:
+
[subs="+quotes"]
----
$ crc start --memory 12288 --disk-size=64 --pull-secret-file __<pull-secret-file>__
----

. Enable access to the `oc` command line interface embedded in CodeReady Containers:
+
----
$ eval $(crc oc-env)
----

. Install the {prod-short} instance using {prod-cli}:
+
[subs="+attributes"]
----
$ {prod-cli} server:deploy --platform crc
----

.Verification steps

. Verify the {prod-short} instance status:
+
[subs="+attributes,+quotes"]
----
$ {prod-cli} server:status
----

. Navigate to the {prod-short} cluster instance:
+
[subs="+attributes,+quotes"]
----
$ {prod-cli} dashboard:open
----

.Additional resources

* link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_codeready_containers/[Product documentation for Red Hat CodeReady Containers].

> * link:https://github.com/code-ready/crc[CodeReady Containers on GitHub].

Reviewer: Avoid linking to GitHub. Instead, try to incorporate the required information directly into our documentation so that it goes through the same QE verification process as the rest of the content. Exceptions to this rule must be okayed by the relevant Product Experience team rep (for OpenShift, that would be Eric Rich).

Author: ```suggestion
```

:context: installing-{prod-id-short}-on-codeready-containers

You can create a single-node OpenShift cluster for deploying a {prod-short} instance using CodeReady Containers.

.Prerequisites

* `{prod-cli}`. See: xref:installing-the-chectl-management-tool.adoc[].

> * A running instance of CodeReady Containers. See link:https://console.redhat.com/openshift/create/local[Installing CodeReady Containers].```

Reviewer 2: CRC is now called RH OpenShift Local.

Author: Indeed, but Eva is already working on it.

* The filepath of the user's CodeReady Containers pull secret.

* Available memory is 12 GB or more.

* Available disk size is 64 GB or more.

.Procedure

. Remove the previous cluster:
+
[source,terminal] 
----
$ crc delete
----

. Configure your host machine for CodeReady Containers:
+

> ----

Reviewer: Sorry that I wasn't more clear. "Many instances" suggests repeating the update in multiple places throughout the document. 
```suggestion
[source,terminal]
----
```

Author: We never used source, terminal. That calls for subsequent task handling it everywhere for consistency.
